That the following article is proposed as an amendment to the 
Constitution of the United States, which shall be valid to all intents and 
purposes as part of the Constitution when ratified by the legislatures of 
three-fourths of the several States: 
Section 1:
No Elected High Officer or Cabinet Member of the Executive 
Branch, nor any elected member of Congress, nor any Federal Judge or 
Supreme Court Justice may use their position of office for self-
enrichment.
Section 2:
The Congress shall have power to enact penalties for violation of this 
article by appropriate legislation. The Justice Department of the 
Executive shall have authority to pursue prosecution of violation of such 
laws. The Judiciary shall have authority to render verdicts in accordance 
with such laws, and to rule on the constitutionality of such laws. Such 
authorities must be exercised with deference to the Separation of 
Powers, however the Separation of Powers does not preclude exercise of 
such authorities.
Section 3:
Anyone covered by the authority granted by This Amendment may 
receive immunity from any and all penalty under this Amendment by 
placing their finances in a Blind Trust administered by a separate branch 
of government for the term of their service plus one year.
Section 4:
Such Blind Trusts must allow covered individuals free access to the 
benefits of their wealth and estate while insulating covered individuals 
from any knowledge of how their actions in government might affect the 
well-being of their wealth and estate.
The responsibility for administering such Blind Trusts will be 
distributed as follows:
a)	Trusts for Members of Congress shall be administered by the 
Supreme Court.
b)	Trusts for Judges and Supreme Justices shall be administered by 
the Justice Department of the Executive Branch.
c)	Elected High Officers or Cabinet Members of the Executive 
Branch shall have their trusts administered by the Congress.
Section 5:
Such Blind Trusts shall be administered in accordance with laws 
enacted by Congress and not vetoed by the President, subject to the 
principles of the Constitution.
Section 6:
This Amendment shall not apply to any member of the Federal 
government until such time as their office is renewed after the 
ratification of this Amendment.

